charts/karpenter/README.md, before:


# Karpenter

Karpenter is an open-source Kubernetes cluster autoscaler built for efficiency and speed. This Helm chart installs Karpenter in your Kubernetes cluster and can be used to manage your node pools for dynamically scaling your infrastructure. This chart supports automated deployment of Karpenter, including the creation of NodePools, EC2NodeClasses, IAM roles, and other necessary resources.

To install Karpenter, use the following commands:

```shell
$ helm repo add ot-helm https://ot-container-kit.github.io/helm-charts/
$ helm install karpenter ot-helm/karpenter --namespace kube-system
```

To upgrade the setup:

```shell
$ helm upgrade karpenter ot-helm/karpenter --install --namespace kube-system
```

To uninstall the chart:

```shell
$ helm delete karpenter --namespace kube-system
```

### Pre-Requisites

- Kubernetes => 1.18+
- Helm => 3.X
- Karpenter Operator => 0.1.0
- Open ID Connector (EKS) => https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/enable-iam-roles-for-service-accounts.html
- IAM Roles for Karpenter
- Add tags to subnets and security groups
- Update aws-auth ConfigMap

### Parameters

|                             **Name**                               |              **Value**         |                   **Description**              |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------|:-------------------------------|------------------------------------------------|
| `karpenter.settings.clusterName`                                   | `my-cluster`                   | The name of your Kubernetes cluster            |     
| `karpenter.serviceAccount.annotations.eks.amazonaws.com/role-arn`  |  Required                      | IAM role ARN for Karpenter controller          |
| `karpenter.controller.resources.requests.cpu`                      | `1`                            | CPU request for Karpenter controller           |
| `karpenter.controller.resources.requests.memory`                   | `1Gi`                          | Memory request for Karpenter controller        |
| `karpenter.controller.resources.limits.cpu`                        | `1`                            | CPU limit for Karpenter controller             |
| `karpenter.controller.resources.limits.memory`                     | `1Gi`                          | Memory limit for Karpenter controller          |
| `nodePools`                                                        | []                             | List of NodePools to be created                |
| `nodePools.name`                                                   | default-nodepool               | Name of the NodePool                           |
| `nodePools.labels`       - If not required can be omitted          | {}                             | Labels for the NodePool                        |
| `nodePools.annotations`  - If not required can be omitted          | {}                             | Annotations for the NodePool                   |
| `nodePools.requirements` - Can be empty []                         | []                             | Node requirements like CPU, memory, etc.       |
| `nodePools.taints`       - If not required can be omitted          | []                             | Taints for the NodePool                        |
| `nodePools.expireAfter`                                            | 720h                           | Expiration duration for idle NodePools         |
| `nodePools.limits.cpu`   - Required Field                          | "1000m"                        | CPU limit for the NodePool                     |
| `nodePools.limits.memory`- If not required can be omitted          | "2Gi"                          | Memory limit for the NodePool                  |
| `nodePools.disruption.consolidationPolicy` - Required Field        | WhenEmptyOrUnderutilized       | Consolidation policy for underutilized nodes   |
| `nodePools.disruption.consolidateAfter`    - Required Field        | 1m                             | Time before consolidating underutilized nodes  |


### Notes:

- Refer to Example Folder for a example values.yaml file 
- Karpenter automatically creates and manages NodePools as part of the installation process.
- Make sure to configure the IAM roles required by Karpenter for it to interact with EC2 instances and manage resources along with all prerequisites.
- The chart will ensure the Karpenter controller and NodePools are deployed correctly with all required configurations.

Commit message:

Modifie README for karpenter helm chart

charts/karpenter/README.md, after:


# Karpenter

Karpenter is an open-source Kubernetes cluster autoscaler built for efficiency and speed. This Helm chart installs Karpenter in your Kubernetes cluster and can be used to manage your node pools for dynamically scaling your infrastructure. This chart supports automated deployment of Karpenter, including the creation of NodePools, EC2NodeClasses, IAM roles, and other necessary resources.

To install Karpenter, use the following commands:

First clone the helm-chart repository and deploy the following commands

```shell
$ git clone https://github.com/OT-CONTAINER-KIT/helm-charts.git
$ cd helm-charts/charts/karpenter/
$ helm dependency update
```

After customizing the values.yaml according to the requirement and completing all prerequisites install using below command

```shell
$ helm install karpenter ./<path of helm chart> --namespace=kube-system
```

To upgrade the setup:

```shell
$ helm upgrade karpenter <path of helm chart> --install --namespace kube-system
```

To uninstall the chart:

```shell
$ helm delete karpenter --namespace kube-system
```

### Pre-Requisites

- Kubernetes => 1.18+
- Helm => 3.X
- Karpenter Operator => 0.1.0
- Open ID Connector (EKS) => https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/enable-iam-roles-for-service-accounts.html
- IAM Roles for Karpenter
- Add tags to subnets and security groups
- Update aws-auth ConfigMap

### Parameters

|                             **Name**                               |              **Value**         |                   **Description**              |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------|:-------------------------------|------------------------------------------------|
| `karpenter.settings.clusterName`                                   | `my-cluster`                   | The name of your Kubernetes cluster            |     
| `karpenter.serviceAccount.annotations.eks.amazonaws.com/role-arn`  |  Required                      | IAM role ARN for Karpenter controller          |
| `karpenter.controller.resources.requests.cpu`                      | `1`                            | CPU request for Karpenter controller           |
| `karpenter.controller.resources.requests.memory`                   | `1Gi`                          | Memory request for Karpenter controller        |
| `karpenter.controller.resources.limits.cpu`                        | `1`                            | CPU limit for Karpenter controller             |
| `karpenter.controller.resources.limits.memory`                     | `1Gi`                          | Memory limit for Karpenter controller          |
| `nodePools`                                                        | []                             | List of NodePools to be created                |
| `nodePools.name`                                                   | default-nodepool               | Name of the NodePool                           |
| `nodePools.labels`       - If not required can be omitted          | {}                             | Labels for the NodePool                        |
| `nodePools.annotations`  - If not required can be omitted          | {}                             | Annotations for the NodePool                   |
| `nodePools.requirements` - Can be empty []                         | []                             | Node requirements like CPU, memory, etc.       |
| `nodePools.taints`       - If not required can be omitted          | []                             | Taints for the NodePool                        |
| `nodePools.expireAfter`                                            | 720h                           | Expiration duration for idle NodePools         |
| `nodePools.limits.cpu`   - Required Field                          | "1000m"                        | CPU limit for the NodePool                     |
| `nodePools.limits.memory`- If not required can be omitted          | "2Gi"                          | Memory limit for the NodePool                  |
| `nodePools.disruption.consolidationPolicy` - Required Field        | WhenEmptyOrUnderutilized       | Consolidation policy for underutilized nodes   |
| `nodePools.disruption.consolidateAfter`    - Required Field        | 1m                             | Time before consolidating underutilized nodes  |


### Notes:

- After deployment of helm chart, in order for the nodepool to work, ec2nodeclass should be installed as well.
- Refer to Example Folder for a example values.yaml file 
- Karpenter automatically creates and manages NodePools as part of the installation process.
- Make sure to configure the IAM roles required by Karpenter for it to interact with EC2 instances and manage resources along with all prerequisites.
- The chart will ensure the Karpenter controller and NodePools are deployed correctly with all required configurations.
